Fix PDK links (#2593)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-parachains.md

### Parachain Development Kits (PDKs)

Parachain Development Kits are a set of tools that enable developers to create their own

> applications as parachains. For more info see [PDK content](/docs/build-pdk#parachain-development-kit-pdk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
applications as parachains. For more info see [PDK content](../build/build-parachains.md#parachain-development-kit-pdk).
```

> Please see the [Parachain Development page](/docs/build-pdk) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see the [Parachain Development page](../build/build-parachains.md) for more information.
```

Author: Neither does this one
